Loved Pets - Our Charity Factsheet
Business Name: Loved Pets Animal Shelter
Address: 6645 Watergrass Cir., Springfield, Arizona 11645
Phone #: (555) 476-2984
Contact Email: josie@welovepets.com
Hours of operation:
● Monday: 8am - 5pm
● Tuesday: 8am - 5pm
● Wednesday: 8am - 8pm
● Thursday: 8am - 5pm
● Friday: 8am - 12pm
● Saturday: 8am - 12pm
● Sunday: Closed
Our philosophy
At Loved Pets Animal Rescue, we believe all animals deserve a chance to find a loving forever home.
We provide initial veterinary care to rescued animals, then work to match each animal with a human
family to love them and keep them safe forever. All animals are screened for diseases upon arrival,
washed and groomed, and then added to our website for adoptive families to see. All potential
adoptive families are also screened for adoption history, household lifestyle, and commitment to
providing a safe and loving home.
We can always use volunteers to help keep our shelter open! Volunteers are needed to bathe and
groom animals, play with pets to help them socialize and keep them happy, clean kennels and
screening rooms, and help with administrative tasks in the office. If you’re interested in volunteering,
please complete the steps below.
How to become a volunteer
1. Complete the online application
2. Submit the application by emailing it to volunteer@welovepets.com
3. Participate in a brief phone interview
4. Attend a volunteer training session on the first Saturday of every month

Animals currently available for adoption
To inquire about any of the animals below, call (555) 476-2984 or email Josie at josie@welovepets.com
Name Photo Breed/Gender Age Details
Jack and Annie Male and female
brother and sister
mix

6 weeks Jack and Annie are
playful and adorable!

Cocoa Female chocolate
labrador

20 weeks Cocoa is sweet as pie
and loves to give
kisses.

Sam Male orange mix 3 years Sam is a calm kitty
who is great with
children and other
animals, but not with
dogs.

Roscoe Male corgi/chihuahua

mix

8 years Roscoe is an older,
house trained dog
whose owner had to
surrender him. He is
ready for a home!
Sheldon Male box turtle 1 year Sheldon likes to sit in
the sun, and doesn’t
bite!

Jellybean Female gray tabby 2 years Jellybean was found
in a storm drain, but
loves people.

Greyson Male gray mix 10 weeks Greyson is high
energy and high
cuddles!